# food-runner
FoodRunner: Online Food Ordering Android App in Kotlin using Volley Library  Online Food Ordering is a process of ordering food from a local restaurant or food cooperation through internet. A customer will search for e restaurant, usually filtered via type of cuisine. The Online Food Ordering App intends different types of forms with different food varieties provided to user to buy online. From this, user can order food from any place and any time. The FoodRunner app deals with ordering, processing and delivering food products. Ordering is made by a valid customer with appropriate identity  I built a food ordering application with the following functionalities:  A ‘Welcome page’ which displays the logo and name of the app. A ‘Login Page’ which asks for users’ mobile number and password. A ‘Registration Page’ which enables users to sign up for the app. A ‘Forgot Password Page’ which enables users to reset their password. A ‘Navigation Drawer’ with the app logo and user name on top and menu options to open the following pages: a. Home b. User Profile c. Restaurants d. Order History e. Frequently Asked Questions(FAQs) f. Log out The app fetch the list of all restaurant from the internet using the link of API provided below: http://13.235.250.119/v2/restaurants/fetch_result/ A ‘My Profile’ page (where the user’s name, phone number, and address is displayed). A ‘Favorites’ page (where the list of all favourite restaurants is displayed). An ‘Order History’ page which lists the previously placed orders of the user. An ‘FAQ’ page which lists some frequently asked questions. A ‘Logout’ functionality which takes the user to the login page. A ‘Restaurant Details’ page which displays the menu items of that particular restaurant, each item’s price and the option to add an item to cart. A ‘Cart’ which lists the items added to cart and the total amount to be paid. Technology And Tools Used 1.Android Studio – IDE used to make android apps 2.Kotlin – All the logics are coded in this 3.XML – used to make the user interface of the app 4.SQL – used to store the data on the local devices 5.JSON – used to transfer the data between the server and the user’s device  Reference : Internshala Android App Development Training
